---
campaign: Storm King's Thunder
ruleset: D&D 5e
session: "15"
date: 2026-02-13
gm: "[[Matthew Rogers]]"
players_present:
  - "[[Jamie Watts]]"
  - "[[Alex Stratford]]"
  - "[[Paul Schofield]]"
  - "[[Nick Johnson]]"
synopsis: Battle at the north walls of Goldenfields. Gimbletrump got thrown by a tree, then by an ogre-trebuchet. The team won. Got a pendant to take to Waterdeep.
web_status: Published
---
## Session Recap

- [[Lob the giant]], defeated by [[Leeferlas]], was locked in the stables. 
- Noise of battle at the North walls summons the party
- [[Leeferlas]] throws [[Gimbletrump]] into battle, takes huge damage but survives. [[Gimbletrump]] now dressed as a goblin - kills and maims. Tinkering with equipment he decapitates an ogre with the internal clockwork of a launcher. 
- [[Gwithian]] moves a moonbeam around the battlefield
- [[Kelvar]] mostly shoots arrows
- [[Leeferlas]] thows a chunk of palisade wall into battle - does 79 damage!
- an Ogre launches [[Gimbletrump]] back into the fields. 
- Player-NPCs all take part, and survive. 
- Team wins battle. [[Gimbletrump]] survives.
- The launchers are not Ogre technology - but something else. 
- All go to tavern to celebrate. 
- [[Caulder Marskyl]] - head butler of [[House of Thann]] gives party a pendant and tells them to take it to [[Waterdeep]] and swap it for a reward.
 

---

## Key Events

> [!important] Milestone
>  BATTLE was won!

  
---

## NPCs Encountered

> [!info] New NPC: [[Caulder Marskyl]]
> **Status:** Allied
> Head Butler of [[House of Thann]]

> [!warning] NPC Update: [[Leeferlas]]
> **Status:** Allied
>Is an absolute tank and can do massive throwing damage!

---

## Locations Visited

- [[Goldenfields]]

---

## Open Threads

> [!question] Hook: The Nightstone is Missing 
>  Nightstone was stolen from the town of [[Nightstone]]. Is part of a magical rod - made by [[Miska]] (a wolf spider?). The rod broke into 7 parts with Miska inside. 
>  >  The giants appear to want to get the bit together.
>  The Nighstone appears to ward off dragons.  When near bits of the rod they shimmer. 
>  It appears to be part of "The Sundering" - where [[Tiamat]] rose up. Now there is disorder in the giant hierarchy and the giants are "egohurt". 

> [!question] Hook: Pendant to return to the [[House of Thann]] in [[Waterdeep]]
> Not sure why... 

---

## Milestones

- **Milestone reached:** Level up to level 4!
