---
campaign: "Storm King's Thunder"
ruleset: D&D 5e
session: "16"
date: 2026-03-13
gm: "[[Matthew Rogers]]"
players_present:
  - "[[Jamie Watts]]"
  - "[[Paul Schofield]]"
  - "[[Alex Stratford]]"
  - "[[Nick Johnson]]"
synopsis: The Party had a big night out and some pretty serious repercussion.  To soothe the hangover (and shame) they decide to liberate some goblins and murder some humans.
web_status: Published
---
## Session Recap

- After saving the town the team go on an all night bender.  Gwithian ends up with another tattoo. Rezra ends up with a whip. Kelvar ends up with a dead man's clothes. Gimbletrump ends up with a lynchmob at the door.
- Before leaving town, Leeferlas tells the gang to "find my creator".  A moon druid called Aergals.   might also find another treant called Turlang?  Head to the Desarun valley.  Red Larch is 3 days march away, waterdeep is 8.
- They leave town, having attracted a fair amount of attention and set off down the road with their horse and cart.
- Encountering a stange sound they find a quarry worked by goblins, working as slaves for humans.  The team go to war.
- Plenty of human murder.  Rezra gets warmed up with Gwithian's Moonbeam. Kelvar mostly shoot arrows.. but it was pretty cool.  Gimbletrump has a go, and is intermittently successful.  The team kill everyone (except one)
- The last guard (who has a wife and family) is interrogated (but not tortured), tells the gang that this is Baron Markov's quarry - getting stone for his castle.  Gimbletrump kills him in cold blood while his back is turned.

---

## Key Events

> [!important] Milestone
>  The team leave town and head towards Waterdeep.

> [!important] BATTLE!
>  A bloody battle ensues.  The gang survive

---

## NPCs Encountered

> [!question] New NPC: [[Aerglas]]
> **Status:** Allied
> The creator of Leeferlas

---

## Locations Visited

- [[Goldenfields]]
- [[Baron Markov's Quarry]]

---

## Open Threads

> [!question] Hook: Pendant return to Waterdeep
> ge thte pendant to waterdeep

> [!question] Hook: Stop the giant problems in the sky?
> Main plotline ref the Nightstone... probably need to tackle that one.

---

## Milestones

